
Overview
========


Any Microsoft customer with a Microsoft Enterprise Agreement can add
Azure to their agreement. This is done by making an upfront monetary
commitment to Azure. That commitment is used over the course of the year
as Azure services are consumed.

 

This guide is focused on Enterprise customers that have made a
commitment as part of their assumes the organization has made its
commitment to Azure through following a corporate procurement process.

The following enrollment approach **allows an organization to be
flexible** in designing its Azure hierarchy in a way that best
represents the organization's operating model and taking into **account
billing, resource access and organizational structure**.

 

The approach includes:

 

1.  **[Account/Enterprise Agreement]():** 
    > Define the Azure Enterprise Administrative roles

2.  **[Subscriptions]():** 
    > Once the roles are defined, you design your subscription model

3.  **[Resource Groups]():** 
    > Design the resource groups which logically group resources that
    > are alike and/or by function, and/or by geography and/or by
    > workload

4.  [**Naming Standards and Tags**]():
    > to cohesively categorize Azure resources for the purpose of
    > security auditing, chargeback, and show-back

5.  [**Resource Policies & Locks**]():
    > These are the governance controls that regulate how organizations
    > manage their Azure resources

6.  [**Role-based access Control (RBAC)**]():
    > who can do what and where \-\-- Azure permissions

 

![Enrollment and Subscription](./enrollement-subcriptions-model.png){width="14.822916666666666in"
height="9.666666666666666in"}

 

Next Steps
==========

1.  [Account/EnterpriseAgreement]():
    > Understand the roles and portals required for Azure administration
    > and governance

 

Additional Information
======================

-   [Licensing Azure for the enterprise]: (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/enterprise-agreement/)


MICROSOFT MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN THIS DOCUMENT.  

Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of
the user.  Without limiting the rights under copyright, no part of this
document may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval
system, or transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic,
mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise), or for any purpose,
without the express written permission of Microsoft Corporation.  

Microsoft may have patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights,
or other intellectual property rights covering subject matter in this
document.  Except as expressly provided in any written license agreement
from Microsoft, our provision of this document does not give you any
license to these patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual
property.  

The descriptions of other companies' products in this document, if any,
are provided only as a convenience to you.  Any such references should
not be considered an endorsement or support by Microsoft.  Microsoft
cannot guarantee their accuracy, and the products may change over time.
Also, the descriptions are intended as brief highlights to aid
understanding, rather than as thorough coverage. For authoritative
descriptions of these products, please consult their respective
manufacturers. 

© 2017 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Any use or
distribution of these materials without express authorization of
Microsoft Corp. is strictly prohibited. 

Microsoft and Windows are either registered trademarks or trademarks of
Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. 

The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the
trademarks of their respective owners. 

 

 


